---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: Dogs for the Deaf
impact_area: Environment
keywords: Adults in Need,Animals,Children in Need,The Disabled,Education,The Elderly,Families in Need,Health and Wellness,Women in Need
coordinates: 42.46021,-122.94205
address: |
  10175 Wheeler Road
  Central Point OR 97502
---
Organization's overview
Do you know someone who is hard of hearing or deaf?  Imagine what it would be like to not be able to hear the telephone, a door knock, the smoke alarm, a baby cry, or someone calling your name.  It is scary and hard to get through each day when you can't hear.  Dogs for the Deaf rescues dogs from shelters, saving their lives.  Then the dogs are trained to alert their person to everyday sounds that are all around us.  When the dog hears a door knock, phone ring, smoke alarm, oven timer, or any other sound, it runs to its person, jumps up and puts its front paws on the person's leg, and then takes the person to the sound.  Like magic, the deaf person knows what is going on. 
 
Do you know someone with autism?  Dogs for the Deaf trains are dogs to enhance the safety of children with autism. The dogs also help calm the children and increase their ability to communicate and to learn.  These special dogs and special children become great friends, too. 
 
Program Assistance dogs go to work with and assist doctors, teachers, counselors and help calm the children so they can learn better or be treated more effectively by their doctors or counselors.  These dogs help many children and adults every day so they can learn more or be more healthy. 
 
All of these special dogs are rescued from shelters. 
 