---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: New Yorkers for Parks
impact_area: Environment
keywords: The Environment,Health and Wellness
coordinates: 40.70528,-74.01106
address: |
  55 Broad Street, 23rd Floor
  New York NY 10004
---
Organization's overview
Great parks make a great city. That's why New Yorkers for Parks makes sure that New Yorkers in all neighborhoods have access to quality parks and open spaces.   
 
Why?  Parks are not a perk.  They are essential to the health of residents, the livability of neighborhoods, and the economic development of the city.  
 
How? We do a lot of research and advocacy, and create partnerships with community organizations and city agencies.  All of this put together means that we can have an impact on how the city deals with its parks, from the creation of new parks to the maintenance of existing parks.  One of our goals is to be sure everyone in New York has a clean park nearby! 
 
You might be wondering what research and advocacy looks like in action, so here are some examples!  After Hurricane Sandy, we were asked by the Parks Department to find great volunteer leaders to help clean up some of the city's most devastated parks.  These volunteers helped get all of the fallen trees, debris, and sand out of our parks and playgrounds.  We also surveyed neighborhoods that were very damaged to figure out exactly what needed to be cleaned and fixed before kids just like you could access their local playground again.  Taking care of our parks and playgrounds is a big job, but we at New Yorkers for Parks are proud to help make our shared outdoor spaces safe and clean for everyone!