---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: LEAD Uganda
impact_area: Environment
keywords: Children in Need,Conflict and Crime Reduction,Education,Families in Need,Global Problems,Health and Wellness,Understanding and Diversity
coordinates: 40.678696,-73.96965
address: |
  202 Saint Marks Avenue #4
  Brooklyn NY 11238
---
Organization's overview
Lead Uganda exists to find, educate and grow LEADERS in Uganda,  
Africa.  We do not just simply pay for these kids to go to school.   
We are a leadership program not just a charity.  We find bright,  
smart leaders that are AIDS orphans, child soldiers, child laborers  
and refugees and put them in the TOP schools in Uganda to help  
them become leaders and work to change Africa. Most children  
cannot afford school in Uganda let alone school fees for the top  
schools in the country.  We exist to find these kids that have a  
desire and yearning to want to help their country change and be a  
better place.  We help children that were abducted from their  
parents to become soldiers, or saw their parents killed, girls that  
were abused, kids working in rock quarries, and kids who have  
lost their parents to AIDS or have AIDS themselves.  Our kids are  
in the top schools in Uganda and are top in their class.  One of our  
third grade students, Victoria, came into the program last year and  
recently came in second at a country wide math contest.  She was  
VERY proud.  When the kids come into the leadership program  
they become a family.  They are from all different tribes in Africa  
and all different backgrounds but we give them a family.  The kids  
of LEAD Uganda will change their world and yours if given the best  
chance they can have.  You can help make that change.