---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: Spirituality for Kids
impact_area: Children
keywords: Children in Need,Conflict and Crime Reduction,Education,Families in Need,Health and Wellness,Understanding and Diversity
coordinates: 40.576819,-73.982973
address: |
  1530 Mermaid ave.
  Brooklyn NY 10017
---
Organization's overview
Spirituality for Kids (SFK) provides free outreach classes to schools and community centers that empower children to manage life’s challenges.  SFK teaches children to find their voices and to make conscious choices that end the cycle of conflict for themselves and for future generations.  SFK’s commitment is to give children the tools to realize their full potential and to help them meet life’s real challenges.

  
Students participate in activities, games artwork, discussion, and music.  Each lesson builds on the next to ensure that concepts introduced in early classes continue to be refined and developed through later real-life application.  Since the best learning occurs outside the classroom, each week children are given a self-reflection exercise to think about and apply throughout the week.  Wherever possible, parents and school teachers participate in the classroom and are educated about the concepts, helping to reinforce and support the SFK learning experience.  
 
“Happiness springs from doing good and helping others.”- Plato (Greek Philosopher from (429-347 B.C.E.)) 
 
We currently provide programming to schools all over New York City, including The Bronx, Brooklyn, Queens and Harlem and Manhattan.