---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: Seamen's Society for Children and Families
impact_area: Children
keywords: Children in Need,Education,Families in Need
coordinates: 40.64082,-74.075691
address: |
  50 Bay Street
  Staten Island NY 10301
---
Organization's overview
Seamen’s Society for Children and Families is Staten Island’s oldest charity.  It was founded in 1846 to serve the children of poor seamen; the Society today serves children and families of all backgrounds and faiths. Last year it provided services for over 700 children in Staten Island and Brooklyn and reaches over 2,000 children on Staten Island with its youth services program.

 
Our mission is to provide services to protect children from harm and to help rebuild families.  Below are a few of the programs that help us to serve the children and families in our community.  
 
Foster Care and Adoption cares for abused and neglected children until they can safely return home.  Sometimes these children are unable to return home and our Adoption Services will provide them with a permanent home. 
 
Day Care is provided for children between the ages of 2 months and 4 years during daytime hours on Staten Island while their parents are at work or school. 
 
Preventive Services works to keep families together by keeping children out of foster care on Staten Island and in Brooklyn. 
 
Family Treatment/Rehabilitation Program work to keep families together when a parent or child has a substance abuse problem. 
 
Domestic Violence Intervention povides families assistance where domestic violence is occurring. 
 
Forward through Education provides free after school tutoring services to agency children and chldren in the community from elementary to high school. 
 
English as a Second Language program provides assistance to those that have difficulty within the community because English is not their first language. 
 
Our Scholarship Program helps teens on Staten Island and in Brooklyn who are involved with any program of Seamen’s to attend college or vocational school after graduating from high school. 