---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: Blissful Bedrooms - Passion for Compassion, Inc
impact_area: Human Rights
keywords: Children in Need,The Disabled
coordinates: 40.774067,-73.914864
address: |
  2331 29th Street Apt 3K
  Astoria NY 11105
---
Organization's overview
Once upon a time there was a teenage girl named  
Tamisha who could not speak, sit up, walk or move any  
part of her body except for her head.  But even though  
she can’t do many of the things that most kids can do,  
just like every human being, she yearns to be loved and  
accepted for who she is.  Tamisha went to school just like  
you do now – except her school was a little bit different.   
It was a Special Education High School for young people  
with all kinds of disabilities – from those who are unable  
walk and talk and need wheelchairs to move about, to  
those who have no limitations in their physical  
movements but have challenges in understanding and  
interacting in the world, such as individuals with autism. 
 
Blissful Bedrooms is a very special charity that began  
with two people who simply wanted to make life happier  
for Tamisha.   You see, Tamisha experienced that special  
day that we all look forward to in life – Graduation from  
High School – but instead of it being a happy and joyful  
time in her life it was one of deep sadness and sorrow.   
This was because Tamisha didn’t have a hope-filled and  
exciting future to look forward to as an independent  
young adult, for example, going to college, moving out of  
her parents house, or getting married one day and  
having a family.  Instead, she was leaving the place she  
experienced the most contentment and joy in her life  
with friends who understood her and enjoyed her  
company.  The day after Graduation Day, Tamisha no  
longer had a reason to get up each morning and feel  
excited about the day ahead, because she no longer had  
anywhere to go ?. 
 
Seeing how depressed and lonely Tamisha was staying  
home day in and day out, we wanted to help and so we  
decided to make the place she spends so much time in –  
her bedroom – a beautiful and special place just for her.   
We never expected how happy this small act of kindness  
would make Tamisha and her family and we were very  
touched by their reaction. 
 
Blissful Bedrooms is composed entirely of volunteers,  
which means none of us gets paid to do this work – well  
not in money anyway, but with lots of love, laughter and  
smiles.  Our mission is to brighten the everyday lives of  
young individuals with disabilities.  Through “bedroom  
makeovers,” Blissful Bedrooms’ volunteers transform the  
personal spaces of disabled youth, who spend the  
majority of their existence at home because of limited  
resources secondary to poverty and severe physical  
disabilities that make them wheelchair dependent.  These  
makeovers involve the construction of custom-made  
furniture and the creation of original art work for each  
bedroom, all of which are inspired by the recipient’s  
passions and dreams.   
  
However, we don’t just do a bedroom makeover and  
leave the person’s life after the weekend is over.  Blissful  
Bedrooms’ other, equally important mission is to  
welcome young individuals with disabilities (and their  
families) into a nurturing community.  We do this by  
creating regular social events and opportunities for them  
to get out of their bedrooms, so they can interact with  
their peers, develop and maintain friendships, have fun  
and experience the world just like other young people  
their age do.  These gatherings allow our organization to  
embrace individuals with a wide range of disabilities (who  
are not necessarily wheelchair-dependent and a  
candidate for a bedroom makeover), including those with  
autism, Down’s Syndrome, mental retardation and other  
disability classifications, as they too are in strong need of  
occasions to socialize and enjoy leisure time outside of  
their home with people who understand and support  
them. Blissful Bedrooms has a new and exciting project  
planned to begin in Spring, 2013:  We are building a  
Blissful Cabin in the Catskills.  The cabin will serve our  
community as a hub for regular camping trips and  
retreats for groups of young individuals with disabilities,  
and as a place where disabled youth and their families  
can escape the challenges of inner city life, and enjoy the  
country air and healthy living – a place where they can  
be with friends who love and accept them just the way  
they are. 
 
We hope you will be inspired to choose Blissful Bedrooms  
as the charity you sponsor with all of the pennies you  
collected.  We can surely use your help as everything we  
do depends on the generosity and goodness of others.   
By helping young individuals with disabilities, you will  
discover the same secret all of the Blissful Bedrooms  
volunteers have learned:  It feels so wonderful and  
amazing to help others in need! 
 
Thank you so much for visiting our page.  Please do not  
hesitate to reach out to me if you have any questions at  
all.  I would love to hear from you! 
 
 
Love and Gratitude, 
 
 
 
Martha 
 
Please LIKE us on Facebook at the link below: 
http://www.facebook.com/BlissfulBedrooms?ref=hl 
 
Please visit our website: 
www.blissfulbedrooms.org