---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: Brothers Care Inc
impact_area: Children
keywords: Children in Need,Education,Families in Need
coordinates: 40.628147,-74.144623
address: |
  215 Trantor Place Suite 3A
  Staten island NY 10302
---
Organization's overview
Brothers Care Inc. is a 501C3 Not-For-Profit Organization that is dedicated to promoting community pride, social awareness and education in West Brighton S.I. and similar neighborhoods that face social-economic challenges. Our motto is "Unity In The Community". The organization conducts many yearly events Easter Egg Hunt, Breast Cancer Fund Raiser Dinner Dance, Turkey Giveaway, Christmas Toy Giveaway, but our biggest event is West Brighton Harmony Day, an annual free street festival that brings together hundreds of residents of all ages and ethnicities, providing a day of Food, Music, Face Painting, Health Screenings, Fire Safety Awareness, Award Recognition, Clowns, Giveaways, and Fun Educational Activities with a focus on Childhood Obesity Awareness. 
 
I grew up in the Markham Gardens, the oldest NYC Housing Authority project complex. In 2006 the complex was demolished and all longtime community members and families were uprooted and placed in NYC Housing Authority projects throughout Staten Island. This was devastating, but our annual West Brighton Harmony Day Event gives previous and prior residents the opportunity to come back to the community each year and have fun and catch up on old times. West Brighton Harmony Day is a big community family reunion.