---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: Franklin Community Center, Inc.
impact_area: Environment
keywords: Education,Families in Need,The Homeless and Hungry
coordinates: 43.07998,-73.79082
address: |
  10 Franklin Street
  Saratoga Springs NY 12866
---
Organization's overview
Despite the glamorous and affluent reputation Saratoga  
Springs has in the minds of many, as in most cities, there  
are also those people who struggle to make ends meet  
every day. The unique and comprehensive approach of  
Franklin Community Center fosters a sense of family for  
those in need, without the discomfort of bureaucratic  
paper work and prying questions. We offer guidance and  
advocacy, while providing a comfortable and friendly  
atmosphere. Our philosophy is to send people out the  
door with whatever they came in looking for. We work  
closely with other agencies in the area to create a user- 
friendly and effective referral system.  
 
The programs and services we provide include, but are  
not limited to: safe and affordable housing; a food  
pantry; free clothing and furniture distribution; advocacy  
and referral information; holiday assistance; teenage  
pregnant and parenting educational classes (M.O.M.) and  
an after school youth prevention program called Project  
Lift. As a 501 (c)(3) private, non-profit, we rely heavily  
on community donations and fund-raisers to continue our  
efficient and effective services, which serve over 2,500  
individuals each year. 
 
With a very small staff, we utilize countless volunteers  
and staff duties often overlap as we collectively strive to  
make a difference by helping others improve their quality  
of life with the services we provide. With continued  
support from the community, our goal is to continue  
raising awareness of the social and economic problems  
faced by Saratoga Springs area residents.