---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: DAMAYAN Migrant Workers Association
impact_area: Human Rights
keywords: Adults in Need,Global Problems,Health and Wellness,Women in Need
coordinates: 40.75721,-73.99417
address: |
  406 West 40th Street, 3rd Floor
  New York NY 10018
---
Organization's overview
DAMAYAN is a non-profit membership-based organization that serves low income immigrant workers.  We educate, organize and mobilize our community to fight for our rights and welfare.  We also address the root causes that drive millions of Filipinos to flee from poverty and economic crisis in the the Philippines.  DAMAYAN is a democratically run organization led by women domestic workers.  DAMAYAN is a Filipino word which means "helping each other."

We work towards transforming society so that people have equal opportunities and are not forced to migrate to foreign countries to meet the basic needs for survival.   
Damayan runs 4 core service programs: 1) labor program which enabled us to retrieve over $500,000 in stolen wages and help 7 trafficked domestic workers win T (trafficking) visas and T derivative visas for 6 family members, and counting. While the passage of the NY Domestic Workers Bill of Rights is historical, it has not effectively given protections and standards to domestic workers. Majority of women domestic workers still suffer from bad working conditions and lack of protection and trafficked domestic workers experience the most inhumane forms of labor exploitation, amounting to modern-day slavery.  
2) LUNAS (heal) holistic health program because this service program is very important for domestic workers. Because of long hours of work, bad working conditions and unhealthy food in their workplace, Filipino domestic workers in the US suffer from high blood pressure, high cholesterol and high blood sugar. 88% of them do not have health insurance. 3)  the gender rights program where we gives support to women domestic workers who have become victims of violence in their workplace or in their homes.  In this year, when immigration becomes the central issue facing undocumented immigrant workers, we are also creating an 4) immigration support program, Damayan also leads a flagship campaign against the labor trafficking of low wage workers, particularly domestic workers. 