---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: St. Mary's  Healthcare System for Children / St. Mary's Hospital for Children
impact_area: Health
keywords: Children in Need,The Disabled,Education,Families in Need,Health and Wellness
coordinates: 40.776768,-73.770233
address: |
  29-01 216th Street
  Bayside NY 11360
---
Organization's overview
Today, one out of every five children in the U.S. has some type of special healthcare need. In New York State alone that's more than 800,000 children who need special care from doctors, nurses, therapists, and special educators.  
 
Each day, St. Mary’s Healthcare System for Children, a non-profit and non-sectarian organization, cares for 4000 of New York's special children at our hospital, in their homes, and in the community. Some of these children were born prematurely and have problems with things that we may take for granted like eating and breathing. Other children were victims of severe injuries – like car accidents and fires – and come to St. Mary’s to relearn to walk and talk.  And yet other kids have serious illnesses that require special care, medications, and equipment. Many of these children have long-term complications that require ongoing care. 
 
There are lots of reasons why children and their families come to St. Mary’s, but the one thing they all have in common is a desire to get better and get stronger. St. Mary’s works had every day to improve the health and quality of life for our children. We help make miracles happen, but we need your help as well.  
 
There is nothing more powerful than kids helping kids! You can help make a difference by joining the 1in5 Kids Campaign! 
 
Please visit our website and read stories about our special children-www.stmaryskids.org	 