---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: Association to Benefit Children-Echo Park
impact_area: Children
keywords: Children in Need,Education,Families in Need
coordinates: 40.696722,-73.829309
address: |
  89-41 Lefferts Blvd.
  Queens NY 10035
---
Organization's overview
Did you ever wonder how children go to school if they have no home?  Or how they get to school if their family has no money? Did you ever wonder how a baby learns to talk when no one talks to them?  Well, here at the Association to Benefit Children (ABC) we are dedicated to helping all those children and their families who may seem lost. We help them have a place to go each day that is safe and fun.  We don't want their moms and dads worrying about their children while they try to get a job or go back to school or try to find an apartment.  We make sure the families never feel alone and help them as they work hard to get back on their feet. While in our care, the children can go to our school when they are babies through age 4.  While we care for them, we are teaching their moms and dads and sometimes grandparents how to help their children be healthy and strong, not just physically, but emotionally and mentally as well.  The caretakers are welcome in our classrooms with their children or we go with them to their homes.  You know you don't need a lot of money to help a child grow and learn.  Socks, clothes, cartons of food, and spoons, and pots become balls, musical instruments, tools for sorting, counting, reading, and imagining.  We help parents see what gifts they can give their child by just talking, looking, reading, and listening.  We help the child by helping the entire family.

 