---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: Providing Specialized Care and Health (PSCH, Inc)
impact_area: Environment
keywords: The Disabled
coordinates: 40.757813,-73.935989
address: |
  23-15 37th Avenue
  Long Island City NY 11101
---
Organization's overview
PSCH, Inc. provides services to people with developmental disabilities and mental health needs. We serve Queens, Brooklyn, Long Island, and New Jersey.   
Our mission is to help people with developmental disabilities and mental health needs live full and healthy lives.  We do this in a number of ways.  We have residential programs where we assist them with housing needs.  We have day programs where we teach them job skills.  We have clinics where they can see doctors.  We also have many services to help their families as well. 
    
 
Developmental Disabilities Services:  
Residential  
Day Programs  
Service Coordination  
Fiscal Services  
In-Home Training  
After School and Weekend Recreation 
 
Mental Health Services:  
Residential  
Psychiatric Rehabilitation  
Employee Referrals  
Adolescent Skills Center  
Blended Case Management  
Out-of-Home Hourly and Overnight Respite  
Job Training  
Fiscal Services 
 
Health Services:  
Article 16 Clinic - Diagnostic and Habilitative Services  
Article 28 Clinic/AstroCare - Medical, Diagnostic, Mental Health, Adult Psychiatric and Rehabilitative Services 
 
Tender Transport:  
Clean Corp. Janitorial and Grounds-keeping Business  
 
 
      PSCH programs and services are available to all regardless of race, age, sex, color, creed or ability to pay. PSCH is committed to provide high quality services that empower people to reach their personal goals and live healthy, fulfilling lives.  
 