---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: Tourniquet Inc
impact_area: Environment
keywords: Animals,Education,The Environment
coordinates: 40.7858,-73.8115
address: |
  PO BOX 333 WHITESTONE STATION
  FLUSHING NY 11357
---
Organization's overview
WE SAVED SCORES OF ANIMALS VICTIMIZED BY HURRICANE SANDY. October 29, 2012, was not a typical day for our rescue.  The catastrophic events that accompanied Sandy’s visit to the NY area, deluged us with lost animals, displaced strays from storm affected colonies,  forlorn females running for cover with their litters and sick or maimed animals that remained alone in the element, until our rescue.  In addition to the 200 animals entrusted to us daily (consisting of 30 non adoptable, feral, physically/ medically challenged permanent sanctuary residents and 170+ strays in 22 outdoor sheltered colonies, with constant rescues),  Sandy’s orphans, some 40 beautiful additional kittens and cats (we’re still counting) are now commended to our care, nurturing love and forever safekeeping.  As customary with all of our rescues,  Sandy’s victims were brought to some of our 9 veterinary hospitals asap.  
IMAGINE BEING HUNGRY, THIRSTY, COLD, HOT, ABANDONED FOR NO REASON, TREATED BADLY, WITHOUT A HOME AND CHASED FROM PLACE TO PLACE.  THIS IS THE SAD LIFE OF MANY OF THE STRAYS THAT HAVE BEEN RESCUED BY CATS PURRFECT RESCUE.  OVER 1,825 STRAYS MOSTLY CATS AND SCORES OF DOGS (AND ANYTHING ELSE IN NEED OF HELP) HAVE BEEN SAVED, SPAYED/NEUTERED, GIVEN THE BEST MEDICAL CARE AND HAVE BEEN PLACED IN WONDERFUL PERMANENT SETTINGS.  WE FEED AND PROVIDE EXCELLENT MEDICAL CARE FOR 200+ ANIMALS EVERYDAY!   THE NUMBER INCLUDES: 30+ PERMANENT SANCTUARY RESIDENTS (NON ADOPTABLE, FERAL MEDICALLY/PHYSICALLY CHALLENGED ANIMALS); 170 STRAYS IN 22 OUTDOOR SHELTERED COLONIES (WITH CONSTANT RESCUES AND NEW ARRIVALS DAILY).    850 ANIMALS WERE RESCUED, FROM 2009-2012, AS WE CONTINUED TO FEED AND MEDICALLY CARE FOR THE 200+ ANIMALS ENTRUSTED TO US DAILY IN OUR NEVER KILL MISSION.      
I WAS A SPEECH TEACHER FOR 36+ YEARS WITH THE BOARD OF EDUCATION. THE STRAY ANIMALS THAT WE FEED AND PROVIDE MEDICAL CARE FOR EACH DAY, GREATLY APPRECIATE ANY HELP FROM THE CHILDREN OF NEW YORK! 