---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: No Limits Theatre Group for deaf and hard of hearing children
impact_area: Children
keywords: Children in Need,The Disabled,Education
coordinates: 40.867813,-73.925606
address: |
  65 Seaman Ave
  New York City NY 10034
---
Organization's overview
"There are NO LIMITS to what children can do....when  
given the  
opportunity."  
The No Limits Theater Group is a non-profit educational  
theater  
company that helps young deaf and hard of hearing  
children learn  
to speak for themselves.  The mission of No Limits is to  
provide a  
program that will help enhance a deaf child's self-esteem  
and  
confidence through the theatrical process and individual  
speech  
therapy.  No Limits is dedicated to teaching people all  
over the tri- 
state area about the talents of all deaf and hard of  
hearing  
children.   Deaf children who learn how to speak have to  
work  
extra hard and have to practice a great deal of  
dedication and  
commitment.   No Limits was voted "Best Arts Program in  
the  
Country" by Parents Magazine and was featured on  
OPRAH as a  
positive and uplifitng program for children.   
Each year, No Limits produces original plays featuring  
deaf  
children from the NY and NJ area.  These theatrical  
workshops and  
professional stage productions allow deaf children to  
expand their  
vocabulary, improve their speech, cultivate creativity,  
engage in  
social situations with greater ease, and develop public  
speaking  
skills.   
No Limits has recently expanded their Educational  
Outreach  
Program in which our inspirational and original production  
of "It  
Begins with a Dream" travels around to elementary  
schools in the  
area so that elementary school children can see our  
young actors  
perform and to hear their personal story of what it is like  
to live  
with a hearing loss.  Our goal is to bring this show to as  
many  
schools in the tri-state area as possible.