---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: Bethel Emanuel Temple Church
impact_area: Environment
keywords: Education,The Elderly,Families in Need,The Homeless and Hungry
coordinates: 40.696224,-73.799606
address: |
  106-23 154th. Street
  Jamaica NY 11433
---
Organization's overview
Our church has served the Queens community since 1968.  Over the many years we have expanded our services to meet the needs of community residents.  Our senior citizen program, Hankins and Sexton (HaS) Grace & Tender Mercy Senior Citizens Program named in honor of our founder Mother Sarah Hankins and our current pastor's father Bishop Clarence L. Sexton. We fondly call the community senior program the HaS Program at church.  The seniors meet at the church 10:00am, have a snack & prepare for the days activities. When we stay in some activities, exercise, educational seminars/workshops, healthy cooking/preparation also they have lunch before going home in the afternoon take place in the lower level of the church then some days we go out to museums, parks, picnics, flea markets, visiting those people who can't get to outside due to poor health, visit children at one of three day care centers at holiday time, go to the circus, movies, shopping etc.   We have been able to get senior citizen out of their homes a couple of times during the week.  This helps to keep their minds active, hands working, feet moving, allows seniors to be with friends with other seniors and talk about things that are on their minds.  It gives them an opportunity to share their knowledge & talents in doing some of the arts & crafts.  Some of the seniors were very talented when they were young & still have that talent but a lot of people think they can't do anything when they get old.  We know that is not true, many of the seniors know about potting plants to make them grow strong & healthy.  Some make beautiful dolls & hanging baskets for plants, some show others how to make place mats to make the dinner table beautiful, tissue boxes out of craft material & decorate them for family & friends.  All of these individuals share their various talents with everybody else in the program.  Giving instruction on how to complete many of these projects makes the seniors feel really good being useful, about being needed & good at doing something well; not useless like some people think they are.