---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: Yad Ezra -The Helping Hand
impact_area: Environment
keywords: Children in Need,The Elderly,The Homeless and Hungry
coordinates: 40.214169,-74.47599
address: |
  15 South Rochdale Avenue
  Roosevelt NJ 05888-0129
---
Organization's overview
In November 2008, G-d put in our heart to start a soup kitchen in Hightstown, NJ.  In February 2009, we held the first of what is now a monthly Community Supper.  We serve hot meals without discrimination to those who can attend the Community Supper and deliver hot meals from the Community Supper to senior homes and shut-ins. After several months of operation, while the number of meals served at the Community Supper grew, we received a telephone call from one of the senior centers we work with asking us if we had additional food to provide to some seniors who did not have enough food to last through the month.  The increased cost of their medication and upkeep was causing some to have to make a decision as to whether to buy food or medicine.  After this call, through the grace of G-d, donations increased and we were able to supply these seniors with groceries.  We then began a food pantry in additional to the soup kitchen, delivering groceries at least once a month.  We now operate a pantry ourselves and we provide food to other pantries as well, including Jewish Family & Vocational Services.  We now provide over 1000 meals per month to needy families and individuals in Central New Jersey.  Each month students from various organizations volunteer to help us at our Community Supper.