---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: Sunrise Day Camp
impact_area: Children
keywords: Children in Need,Families in Need,Health and Wellness
coordinates: 40.62279,-73.63511
address: |
  15 Neil Court
  Oceanside NY 11572
---
Organization's overview
Sunrise Day Camp is the only dedicated day camp in the nation for children with cancer and their healthy siblings.  Sunrise is a very special place where children can come free of charge, and enjoy a summer filled with fun, friendship and activities – things often denied them because of their medical condition.  

 
This past summer, we welcomed over 400 campers into Sunrise Day Camp.  These campers came from as far north as the Bronx and as far east as Shirley, NY.  They came out to camp as many days as their bodies could get them there.  And even when they were too tired to play sports – they came to camp just to be with their new friends – friends who understood exactly what they were experiencing.  You see Sunrise Day Camp offers much more than a summer experience.  With your help, Sunrise Day Camp offers friendships built on love and understanding of a unique, shared experience.     
 
In addition to our summer camp, Sunrise offers a variety of year round programming.  There are mini-camp reunions one Sunday per month and fun activities during school vacations.  We also bring camp into area hospitals daily through Sunrise On Wheels!   Sunrise On Wheels transforms the outpatient waiting rooms of four area hospitals.  Sunrise staff together with trained volunteers roll a rainbow trunk filled with toys, games and crafts into the pediatric outpatient clinics to engage children in “camp-like” activities, helping to transform their long days in the clinic into wonderful a “camp” experience.   