---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: Save Our Strays, Inc.
impact_area: Environment
keywords: Animals,Education,Understanding and Diversity
coordinates: 40.6959,-73.9934
address: |
  P.O. Box 021286
  Brooklyn NY 11202-0028
---
Organization's overview
Save Our Strays is a Grass Roots organization. We organized in 1968, and incorporated in 1972.

 
In New York City, and cities across America, people do not care enough about homeless animals. We here at Save Our Strays are trying to help in our way. 
 
There are thousands of sick, injured, hungry, and thirsty strays across America, in streets, parks, and alleyways. The shelters in the city and tri-state area are usually filled to capacity. Funding has been cut to city agencies, so that Animal care and control cannot just go out and pick up all the thousands of strays in the city. So what can we do? We are limited in what we can do, as funds available dictate what we can and cannot do for the strays. 
 
Programs we have set up to help these helpless dogs and cats are: 
1) We have set up a Feeding Program, and have volunteers who work with us, in feeding strays in various parts of the city. 
1a) Through Save Our Strays, we have given pet food to people on limited incomes from time to time, in all boroughs of New York City, depending on funds available and per situation. 
  
2) We work with several local veterinarians, who offer discount veterinary care to help people who are on a fixed income to treat and care for their pets. When funds are available, we help with paying part of their veterinary bills. 
  
3) These veterinarians also work with rescuers, who offer them discounts for the animals that they save. 
  
4) When our volunteers find a group of animals in the same area, that tend to stay together, this is called a colony. They watch over the group by feeding them, and they are aware if an animal becomes in need of medical treatment. We help with the veterinary bills through the veterinarians that we work with. 
  
5) We maintain a 24 hour/7 day a week answering service to guide people with emergencies, i.e.: advice, medical treatment, etc. 
  
6) When and where we can, we find homes for adoptable strays and also try to have strays placed in no-kill shelters, depending on room availability. 
  
7) All our work depends on donations that are given to us by the generosity of the community.