---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: Tyler Nicole Foundation Incorporated
impact_area: Environment
keywords: Adults in Need,Children in Need,The Disabled,Families in Need,Health and Wellness
coordinates: 40.6755,-73.7747
address: |
  P.O. Box 340355
  Jamaica N.Y. 11434
---
Organization's overview
The Tyler Nicole Foundation will provide comfort, care,  
and support to families that experience the loss of a child  
or have a child with a life threatening illness.  This will  
include miscarriages, deaths caused by infants born  
prematurely, stillborn births, abortions, childhood  
illnesses, etc.  We will provide services including financial  
aid, bedside assistance, funeral arrangements,  
counseling, etc. in an attempt to help ease the burden on  
the parents and their families, financial and otherwise.   
Our goal is to help ease the grieving process in any way  
so that the families can better cope with their loss, and  
get on with their lives.  We will also help parents that  
have high risk pregnancies, and children with life  
threatening illnesses get them the help they need as to  
help them get through so that they can have a healthy  
child.  The organization will help educate and bring about  
public awareness to the enormity of the widespread  
problems caused by infant loss, premature births,  
problems during pregnancy, and childhood illnesses. We  
will like to make the public aware of the importance of  
research, the critical need for prenatal care, the need for  
referrals to high risk pregnancy doctors, education, etc.  
to help lower the mortality rate.  This will be done  
through the staging of social events, classes, workshops,  
exhibitions, recreational entertainment, etc., designed to  
socialize and familiarize the American people with the  
plight of infant loss.   
 