---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: Canine Companions for Independence
impact_area: Human Rights
keywords: Animals,The Disabled,Health and Wellness
coordinates: 40.8451,-72.98886
address: |
  286 Middle Island Road
  Medford NY 11763
---
Organization's overview
Do you like dogs?  Do you like helping people?  Canine Companions for Independence (CCI) is a non-profit organization that trains dogs to help children and adults with disabilities. 
 
At 8 weeks-old, puppies come to our training center and we have volunteers that raise them until they are about 16-18 months old.  During that time the volunteers take them out in public places so they are used to being in different environments and around different people and sounds.  The volunteers also teach them basic obedience like sit, heel, stay and going to the bathroom outside. 
 
When the dogs are 16-18 months old they come and stay at our regional center where they learn the more advanced commands.  Once the dogs are fully trained they know over 50 commands.  They help people with disabilities pick up items they drop on the floor, turn on and off lights, open the fridge, deliver items to their owner, carry bags, speak on command, alert people that cannot hear sounds, shake hands with people...and so much more!  They also help children with disabilities become more confident by having a canine companion by their side.  Other children don’t see them as the kid in the wheelchair, but the kid with the really cool dog. 
 
It costs Canine Companions about $50,000 to train and place just one dog, yet we do not charge for our dogs or support.  Your donation will help us provide these amazing dogs to children and adults with disabilities, free of charge.