---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: Border Crossers
impact_area: Environment
keywords: Children in Need,Education,Understanding and Diversity
coordinates: 40.70579,-74.01272
address: |
  32 Broadway, Suite 1801
  New York NY 10004
---
Organization's overview
The problem that we focus on: New York City is one of the world’s most diverse cities, but students attend schools with other kids who are similar to them. As a result, students don't have enough experiences to develop relationships with kids from different racial, religious, cultural and socioeconomic backgrounds.  
 
Border Crossers brings together students from different backgrounds to recognize problems in their community and then take action together to solve the problems.  
 
Border Crossers’ mission is to bring together young students from diverse New York City neighborhoods to explore issues of discrimination, inequality, and social justice. Students develop the leadership skills to  create social change in their schools, communities, and city. 
 
How does our program work? Border Crossers forms partnerships between elementary schools that are located close to each other, but the students come from different backgrounds. As a result, students form friendships with other kids they would not otherwise meet. Classrooms from the partner schools are paired up, and they meet several times during the year both during the school day, after school, and during the weekend. Over time, every grade level participates in the program so that students continue their relationship with students from their partner school each year.  
 
Students from partner schools come together through some of the following programs: poetry workshops, after-school art and writing classes; volunteer days for students and families in community gardens, and tree planting activities for entire school communities.