---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: Rock and Wrap It Up!
impact_area: Children
keywords: Children in Need,Families in Need,The Homeless and Hungry
coordinates: 40.678734,-73.624336
address: |
  398 Westminster Road
  Rockville Centre NY 11570
---
Organization's overview
Rock and Wrap It Up School Program encourages students in  
elementary and middle schools to help support their community  
through the recovery of food and other assets. Our hands-on  
community service projects will help support a long lasting  
relationship between your school and agencies in need. 
 
Students have started many of our projects.  Our "Snack Wrap  
Program" began in 2002 by a student in Lawarence Middle School on  
Long Island.  During his lunch period he noticed that many of his  
fellow classmates that brought bag lunches from home, would throw  
away excess food that they did not eat.  Many of these items were  
juice boxes and snacks in unopened packages.  He was aware that  
many of the local pantries were having a difficult time keeping their  
shelves stocked. 
 
He asked his principal if he could place a recylce bin in the school  
cafeteria and encouraged his classmates to sort out their lunch bags  
and make a donation to the local pantry.  At the end of each week he  
would make a donation of juice boxes and snacks to the local pantry  
and community center.  This program is still in existence and  
Lawrence Middle School formed a relationship with the Five Towns  
Community Center stocking their pantry and supplying children with  
snacks in the community after-school program.