---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: Millennium Promise
impact_area: Human Rights
keywords: Education,The Environment,Global Problems,Health and Wellness
coordinates: 40.811008,-73.964005
address: |
  475 Riverside Dr. Suite 1040
  New York NY 10115
---
Organization's overview
Together our generation can end extreme poverty.

 
Mission 
Our mission is to provide the operational platform and resource mobilization for the  
Millennium Villages Project, which empowers communities to lift themselves out of  
extreme  
poverty. 
 
Company Overview 
At Millennium Promise, our vision is the eradication of extreme poverty, hunger,  
and preventable disease within our lifetime. 
 
We believe that extreme poverty can be cut in half by 2015, even in some of the  
poorest, most remote places in the world. Through the Millennium Villages Project  
we are showing how, using a holistic, science-based approach to benefit more than  
500,000 people across sub-Saharan Africa. 
 
Description 
Our vision becomes action through the Millennium Villages Project (MVP).  
 
More than one billion people worldwide struggle to survive on less than $1 a day. By  
empowering the poorest of the poor, the Millennium Villages are demonstrating that  
it is possible to break the cycle of extreme poverty, hunger, and preventable  
disease and achieve the MDGs throughout sub-Saharan Africa. 
 
The MVP offers an innovative holistic approach to sustainable rural development. As  
a partnership initiative, the Project is driven by core science and policy leadership  
of the Earth Institute, Columbia University, alongside Millennium Promise's  
operational leadership. 
 
Headquartered in New York with regional offices in Nairobi, Kenya, and Dakar,  
Senegal, Millennium Promise operates Millennium Village sites in 10 countries. 
 
Facebook: www.facebook.com/millenniumpromise 
Twitter: www.twitter.com/promise  (@Promise) 
Youtube: www.youtube.com/mpromise 
Flickr: http://www.flickr.com/photos/millenniumpromise/