---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: Desmond Tutu Peace Foundation
impact_area: Human Rights
keywords: Conflict and Crime Reduction,Global Problems,Understanding and Diversity
coordinates: 40.764687,-73.964066
address: |
  205 East 64th Street, Suite 503
  New York NY 10065
---
Organization's overview
The Desmond Tutu Peace Foundation is dedicated to creating a world at peace, in which every human being can live in safety and security and has access to clean water, food, shelter, healthcare, education and the opportunity to make a living. 
 
We at the Desmond Tutu Peace Foundation are committed to empowering and motivating young people to work for peace. We are in the process of building two new, exciting programs that address peace issues for kids and young adults: “YPeace.org” and “Living Peace”. 
 
YPeace.org is an online peace center that will use webcasts, educational games, discussion forums, blogs, quizzes, video uploading & downloading as well as traditional online content to educate its young audience and inspire grassroots peace activism within their communities.  YPeace hopes to inspire “Peace to the Third Power” or “P3”, which stand for Peace Within (personal or inner peace), Peace Between (friends, family, community), and Peace Among (nations). 
 
“Living Peace” is a program we hope to bring into school assemblies that will show kids and adults how to achieve peaceful conflict resolution. The key philosophy of Living Peace is called “Ubuntu”—which means that all life and all people are connected to one another.  It is a way of thinking that was made popular by our founder, Archbishop Desmond Tutu. 