---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society
impact_area: Health
keywords: Adults in Need,Children in Need,Families in Need,Health and Wellness
coordinates: 40.735386,-73.991559
address: |
  5 Union Square West
  New York NY 10006
---
Organization's overview
Do you want to help kids with blood cancers, like leukemia, get better and back to school? Donate a portion of your Penny Harvest grant to The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society (LLS)!  
 
LLS raises money to find cures for blood cancers and to provide services for patients and their families. Blood cancers include leukemia, lymphoma, myeloma and Hodgkin's Disease. In the United States, more than 12,000 children under the 
age of 21 are diagnosed with cancer every year; 
approximately 3,000 of them will not survive the disease. 
Leukemias are the most common cancers in 
children younger than 18, and they cause more deaths 
than any other cancer among children and young adults 
under 20. Last year, about 497 children under 15 were 
expected to die from leukemia.  
 
LLS raises money to help researchers find better treatments and cures for blood cancer. We know that the research LLS has funded has paid off, because the survival rate for childhood leukemia was just 3% in the 1950s, and now it's 90%! We will continue working hard until 100% of kids diagnosed with a blood cancer survive. 
 
LLS also helps people with blood cancer by providing them with lots of support during and after their cancer treatment. We give our patients financial aid to help them pay for medical costs and provide them with information about their cancer.  LLS also conducts support groups to help patients with their fears and concerns.  
 
LLS supports kids with blood cancer in particular through The Trish Greene Back to School Program for 
Children with Cancer. This program teaches parents and teachers how to help kids get back into the swing of school after they have had cancer treatment. This can be a very difficult time for a child, since sometimes kids lose all of their hair and miss a lot of school during their cancer treatment. LLS tries to make it as easy as possible for a kid to come back to school by making sure parents and teachers know how to help them.