---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: The River Fund New York
impact_area: Health
keywords: Adults in Need,Children in Need,The Disabled,The Elderly,Families in Need,The Homeless and Hungry,Women in Need
coordinates: 40.697,-73.82908
address: |
  89-11 Lefferts Blvd.
  Richmond Hill NY 11418
---
Organization's overview
In New York 1 in every 4 kids goes to bed hungry!!! 

That is over 417,000 kids just like you. Over 1,300,000 kids, adults and seniors look for help getting enough food to eat. The River Fund last year helped over 50,000 kids who needed food, clothing, warm coats, vitamins, school supplies, Xmas toys and so much more. 
  
The River Fund provided food and other necessities to more than 160,000 people last year and the number continues to  increase by 40% each year. 
 
These most vulnerable New Yorkers were also among the hardest hit by Superstorm Sandy, regardless of where in the city their homes may have been— if they had homes at all. Their needs have increased dramatically in the aftermath. 
 
Apart from those who were already in great need before the storm, Sandy created a completely new group of people who need our help— those whose homes were (or still are) in the city’s many flood zones. 
 
In the two months immediately following Sandy, The River Fund provided food to more than 87,000 people just in the areas affected by Sandy. By the end of December, we had shared 323 tons of product to families and seniors affected by Sandy— plus another 281 tons to our regular distribution areas. 
 
The desperation among New York's most needy—especially in the flood zones is STILL very great. Please help us to feed and support all those who need our help!!!