---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: Solving Kids' Cancer
impact_area: Children
keywords: Children in Need,Families in Need,Health and Wellness
coordinates: 40.760464,-73.975708
address: |
  1 East 53rd Street, Fifth Floor
  New York NY 10022
---
Organization's overview
Solving Kids' Cancer (SKC) helps children with the most difficult to treat childhood cancers, including neuroblastoma, sarcomas and brain tumors. Our mission is to dramatically improve survival for children with cancer by finding and funding new treatment opportunities that are more effective and less toxic than current options.  
 
SKC is unique in that 100% of all public donations directly support research. We have a generous Board who pays for all of our administrative fees, which means that every penny that you donate through your Penny Harvest Grant will make an impact on kids. 
 
Our research approach is also unique. SKC-supported scientists are not looking for a new target or a new drug, but using cutting-edge and innovative technology to teach a child’s immune system to fight cancer through the use of vaccines, antibodies and gene therapy. Since 2007, SKC has funded 20 new research projects, resulting in 12 new treatments for children, who at best, had a 40% survival rate. 
 
Solving Kids' Cancer is not just our name but it's our mission. Founded by two fathers who lost children to pediatric cancer, SKC is actively looking for new and novel solutions for the deadliest childhood cancers.  For more information and updates on our research progress, please visit www.solvingkidscancer.org. 
 