---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: Only Make Believe
impact_area: Environment
keywords: Children in Need,The Disabled,Health and Wellness
coordinates: 40.743706,-73.989075
address: |
  1133 Broadway, Suite 723
  New York NY 10010
---
Organization's overview
Only Make Believe (OMB) is a unique theatrical non-profit  
organization dedicated to children and their families from  
underserved communities who are facing medical  
challenges. The company was founded by Dena  
Hammerstein in 1999 to introduce theater to hospitalized  
children aged between four and sixteen. OMB believes in  
the value of helping children cope with debilitating  
illnesses in a positive, engaging and safe environment  
that builds confidence and unlocks a child’s innate  
capacity for creativity. 
OMB presents 6-week cycles of theatrical workshops  
free-of-charge to children in medical facilities citywide.  
OMB’s troupe consists of professional actors who are  
racially diverse and bilingual and mirror the diversity of  
the children we serve. Only Make Believe offers a  
structured play/workshop designed specifically to include  
the audience in the storytelling process. Thus, the  
children are involved in a shared experience which builds  
their confidence, creates community and gives a public  
voice to unheard children. These children find solace,  
support and creative stimulation through our program. At  
Only make Believe we are committed to serving children  
in need creating an environment where children can  
focus on their strengths rather than their disabilities.