---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: The Rock 'n Renew Foundation
impact_area: Disaster Relief
keywords: Adults in Need,Animals,Children in Need,The Disabled,Education,The Elderly,The Environment,Families in Need,Global Problems,Health and Wellness,The Homeless and Hungry,Understanding and Diversity,Women in Need
coordinates: 40.66326,-74.1196
address: |
  12 W.22nd St.
  Bayonne N.j 07002
---
Organization's overview
Rock 'n Renew is a non-profit focused on delivering the 

most effective environmental education possible to  
students  
of all ages through partnerships with today’s most  
popular  
musicians. After Hurricane Sandy devastated our region,  
many of Rock 'n Renew's students lost their homes,  
especially in our Bayonne and Staten Island and Coney  
Island schools. As a result of this tragedy, Rock 'n Renew  
has dedicated a special program for 2013 to help with  
vital  
food resources for those families effected by Hurricane  
Sandy. In addition, we are going to use the Penny  
Harvest  
Grants for the repair of the wetlands and shoreline  
habitat  
and native plant ecosystems, as these are natures line of  
defense against storms.  Rock 'n Renew utilizes the  
power  
of endorsement and interaction with today’s most  
important  
musical artists.  A process that delivers mind opening  
relevance to this critical subject for students who are  
often  
physically and culturally removed from the need to  
protect  
and restore the environment.  Rock 'n Renew raises  
money  
to support both its scholastic programs and three ecology  
action sites.  The ecology action sites exemplify Rock 'n  
Renew's core mission, while serving as destination  
learning  
centers and replicable models for the local action  
projects  
that students are encouraged to pursue. 
Sustainability is when all the parts of something help to  
make that thing stay healthy. Recognizing the connection  
between the health of culture and the health of the  
planet,  
we use art, music and science to help students heal their  
local food and ecosystems. Our work focuses to make  
environmentalism  hip, edgy, artistic, and intelligent. We  
custom-design eco-blueprints for schools, businesses,  
and  
communities that address sustainability from the local  
perspective, while connecting each community to the  
larger  
concerns of the planet. We would love to work with you  
to  
make an awesome garden project for your school and  
community!Jonny (our resident Rock Star; he's been on  
Conan O'Brien and opened up for everyone from Green  
Day  
to Snoop Dogg) will come in and play music for you as  
well!We will help you to grow healthy food for you and  
your  
community. We also run several urban farms with  
students  
working as real-life farmers! We donate a large portion  
of  
the food we grow to the hungry and homeless, and also  
help people of all ages learn how to eat better food to  
stay  
healthy. We'll also bring performers to play some great  
Rock 'n Roll music. 
 