---
layout: organization
category: organization

title: SALT AND SEA MISSION CHURCH
impact_area: Human Rights
keywords: The Elderly,Families in Need,The Homeless and Hungry
coordinates: 40.57651,-73.98351
address: |
  1530 MERMAID AVE
  BROOKLYN NY 11224
---
Organization's overview
Tax I.D. # 11 – 301 - 2147

501C-3 # 40 – 90 – 48  
Tax Exempt # 201 - 280 
                                                                                                                                                                                                           
          The Salt and Sea Mission Church, Inc. a not for profit organization, was established in 1987 as a statement of Christian faith by Debbe Santiago. While Debbe was still homeless, the Lord led her to minister to homeless people under the boardwalk in Cone Island with food, clothing and the Bible. 
            The outreach program expanded to Debbe Santiago’s home. Homeless men and women were able to take showers, have dinner and Bible studies. Debbe also allowed homeless women to live there. The street ministry was conducted out of a shopping cart filled with food, clothing and compassion for those whose only shelter and comfort were 
Found under the boardwalk and in subway stations,  
             The need for a permanent facility in Coney Island apparent, and a small apartment was acquired. Having outgrown that space, the Mission relocated in 1991 to a larger building where it is presently housed. By using the mission facilities, working in the streets, the subway, and having an outreach program to families, the Salt and Sea Mission Church, Inc. provides the following services. 
 
Food Pantry: Feeding approximately 12000 meals monthly. 
We have two pantries per week on Tuesday and Thursday. 
On Wednesday Hope Meal from The Bowery Mission. 
 
Christian Fellowship: Bible studies are given weekly. 
Discipleship classes are offered separately for children and adults once a week. Prayer meetings weekly. The Mission also provides Sunday school, and performs weddings, infant dedications and funerals. 
 
Other Vital Ministries: There are Overcomes meetings once a week. Salt and Sea Mission Church, Inc also offers drug and alcohol counseling, referrals t detoxification program, job training, legal assistance, medical and dental, HIV/AIDS entitlement. 
Along with these programs, there is also social service and housing advocacy, distribution of clothing, blankets, toiletries, and assistance through the disbursement of donated furniture and household items. 
 
The Youth Development Program offers summer camp, special excursions. Bible studies, arts and craft, on-site recreational facilities, new back to school clothing, recreational time. Christmas gifts and knitwear, and Easter and Christmas clothing. 
 
At Thanksgiving we do a Box of Love for 300 families, this box contents a complete 
Dinner with all the trimmings for a family of four. So that the children can smell the cooking of a turkey or ham. 
 
At Christmas we do Happy Birthday Jesus, we give 400 children a gift and treats. 
 
At Easter we do the Blessing of the rides, Deno Wonder Wheel Park open the park for 400 children to ride the rides and service them lunch. 
 
 The staff of the Salt and Sea Mission Church, Inc is all volunteers. All food, clothing and funds of the mission are obtained through charitable contributions and grants. Tax- deductible gifts are welcome. 
 
Salt and Sea Mission Church, Inc works mostly with clients that are single parents in there 20’s to 40’s years old on a low income. 
We serve senior and immigrant large part of the general community. 
Our mission is to service all people at all the times in all ways, and involved with community outreaches. Community Board 13th, 60th Police Precinct. Community Council, as economic, youth, housing, public safety and schools. 
People come to us from word of month, Coney Island Hospital, 60th Precinct, Community Board 13th, Churches, local agencies, Head Start and referrals. 
 
For the first time in 22 years we had to close the pantry because lack of food our shelves are empty. Food prices are up. New Yorkers are feeling the pinch – and the poor New Yorkers are feeling a squeeze that grows tighter by the day. 
We are seeing many new faces among our clients – people who wouldn’t have been there just a year ago. It’s so hard turning away families with children that we do not have food in our pantry. 
 
                                                                                   God Bless You 
                                                                                   Pastor Debbe Santiogo 
                                                                                   OFFICE MANAGER 
                                                                                   ROCCO J BRESCIA 
                                                                                   917 873 9261 
 
 
 
 
 